So let's implement this.
Check out component are actually implemented it is a container because it will be a component which
manages its own state and also passes this down to Avro components.
So add a new folder in containers and I'll name it checkout and in there I'll add that check out.
JS file which well should hold my check out component.
It'll be a class based components and state will be involved and therefore I extend the component object
which I have to import from react to Gabr with the re-act package itself to support as X..
So let's add this class.
Let's then export it as a default office file and then let's plan how does it check out component shoat
look like it should behave.
What I want to have in the checkout component is a tiny summary of the checkout.
So basically what the user is about to buy and the price probably and then a button to cancel the checkout
process and go back to the Bergere Boulder and of course a button to continue.
And I guess for the summary it would be nice to not again show just a list of the ingredients but maybe
show the burger itself.
Rebuild the burger in this.
Check out summary.
So that's the goal here Chaudiere summary.
And then when the user clicks on continue I don't want to load the contact form.
So step by step the goal therefore is to create a checkout summary form which allows me to display a
preview of the burger and showed you continue or Cancel buttons for that all go into my components folder
and add a new folder in there.
What's your name.
Check out or maybe order to place all order related components there like to check out component check
out.
It should be named.
Check out summary maybe.
And then there to create a check out summary.
J.S. fall into.
Check out summary CSSA fall for the styling.
Now let's have a look at the check out summary dodgiest fall they're all used to functional form to
create the check out summary component.
So basically just check out Samari function here as you know it.
We will probably receive some props to render the burger and then return some GSX.
So therefore we definitely need to import re-act from the Riak package.
And of course it always export.
Check out summary as the default.
Now the goal is to display a preview of all or burger year and then show continue or Cancel buttons.
So what I'll do is in the J is X which I want to return here all first of all Raptor's in a div which
I'll also use for styling purposes to give discommode in some style.
Then I want to have each one tag where I say we hope it tastes well.
Something like that and their offer.
Now I want to have a box in a div basically where I want to preview my Bergere component.
Does Davis require to set the boundaries of that Bergere component.
And of course I'm going to reuse my Bergere component which I already have.
That's that cool thing.
We can reuse it so I'll set some inline styling here on that wrapping div which will hold my burger
just to set the width of that save 300 pixels and then also our height of let's say 300 pixels and let's
then also set the margin to auto here.
Now inside that div I want to use my burger components only to import it all import Bergere from and
now navigate up into the Bergere folder and there is Steve J as file.
Does hour Bergere component which I can now conveniently add like this.
The burger a self-closing tag.
I there also need to pass my ingredients for dad.
It will of course be important to know how I received these ingredients.
I assume that for now I can simply just set the ingredients property of my burger component which it
does expect if we have a look at the burger component.
We have prop's ingredients in there which we use so I should ALL the past is today's ingredient at Tudor's
component.
Perhaps not or do a summary check out summary.
Here we are.
So we expect the ingredients in the burger so we should pass it and for now just expect that in the
checkout summary component.
I'll also get ingredients property which I then just pass on below that I don't want to show my buttons
and afford it all import my own buttons I built so that button component from the UI folder and there
from the button folder and then the button just fall of course and DS buttons as you probably know support
two different styles.
We have success and the danger class here which we can't pass and we do pass it with the button type
properties.
So I'll add my buttons below.
There are at the first button.
Where else at the button type.
Let's say danger with a capital D because the FCC has a class name where R is simply want to say cancel.
Maybe all caps for stalling purposes only and then are duplicated to all the have is access button with
a capital S where I will have say continue.
So these are the two buttons.
You also know that the buttons expose the click property which simply indicates that we clicked on the
button so that is something I'll all need to do.
Let's split this over multiple lines.
Implement clicked here and then do something up on a click.
Now that is something I will add for now I just want to finish the styling of this component.
So with that we got our check out summary JSA X code.
Now let me also assign a class name to the wrapping div and this is a class I want to set up and check
out summary sucessful all at check out summary see business class here.
Because remember we're back in our course project we're using CSSA modules here to scope our styles.
They're all set text aligned to center to center everything or set the width to 80 percent maybe and
a margin of auto 2 then Center does div or does element.
And I'll add a media query where a check if we have a minimum with of 600 pixels at which point of time
I simply want to limit the width so that it's no longer a percent.
But here I will limit it to 500 pixels.
Now with that I have to import does see is as code or the classes object you should be precise from
check out summary C S S and then assign it here.
So here all add classes.
Check out summary.
Taking advantage of C S S modules here.
Now we get to check out summary component.
I know when to use stat in my check out file in my check out container to be precise so there will quickly
import that check out the summary component we just created from the components folder.
Therefore there I created that order folder which hold the check out summary folder and there the check
out summary Ejay as file.
Now inside my check out component where I'll implement a render method where I then of course returns
I'm GSX there I want to have a div which wraps my entire page because this will be used as a page with
the re-act router of course and they're all now at.
Check out summary like this.
Keep in mind.
Check out summary expects to get ingredients as a prop so it should pass ingredients here and that of
course is an interesting question.
Where do I get my ingredients from.
For now I'll simply pass a dummy ingredients object but of course this is something I will replace.
I will add state to the checkout component and there in the state I'll add ingredients and ingredients
for now will be salad one meat one cheese one and bacon one.
And this again is just some dummy data which I'll replace.
So for now that allows me to pass these state ingredients we will have to use routeing to repasts ingredients
later.
Now we get the check out summer and check out container here.
I know want to use it of course and for that I will hard coded into my apt Cheras fall right below the
Bergere Boulder.
Here are import but check out container from dot slash containers check out checkout just to see how
it looks.
We will load and wire routing soon.
Make sure to save all files and make sure NPM start is running and they're offer if you with your page.
We get an error regarding the on click listener but that shouldn't be a problem right now.
This is how it looks like our.
Check out summary component.
Now we can see that somehow does stave with the burger is not really centered so it is something we
should fix.
For that I'll go back to check out summary where I used the burger and one thing I should adjust here
is that I should what use with 100 percent to take the full width of the check out summary component.
Now with that that looks much better on both small devices and bigger devices now and small otherwise.
Last year we got a little bit much height.
Does this something we can fix by disabling this height.
Not always setting it to free pixels.
So let's just get rid of the hide property here.
For the styling that was a little bit too much.
Now we can definitely use that on mobile devices and on the desktop.
This looks good.
Q Now of course there is still some space but we need some space for bigger Burger's so does is to liberate
but the main thing I now want to work on is that I don't always display this but instead this should
be displayed.
If I click on order now continue then I want to load to check out summary instead of the burger builder.
Dats the goal and for data of course we need routing.
Now feel free to go ahead and implement this on your own and then compare your solution with mine which
I'll start building in the next lecture.